fix capitalization (#3640)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/comparison.mdx

This page explains how [LangChain Deep Agents](/oss/deepagents/overview) compares to the [Claude Agent SDK](https://platform.anthropic.com/docs/en/agent-sdk/overview). Both are harnesses for building custom agents, but they make different tradeoffs around execution environments, deployment, and vendor coupling.

<Info>

>     Deep agents are used in production by [OpenSWE](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) and [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index).

Author: ```suggestion
    Deep Agents is used in production by [OpenSWE](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) and [LangSmith Fleet](/langsmith/fleet/index).
```

The Claude Agent SDK only supports the first. Your agent runs inside a sandbox and executes tools against the sandbox's local filesystem. Anthropic's hosted model [Claude managed agents](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/managed-agents/overview) use a decoupled model, which reflects where production agent architectures are heading.

> Deep Agents support both, and let you pick a [backend](/oss/deepagents/backends#quickstart) to wire them together. In practice, this means you can:

Author: ```suggestion
Deep Agents supports both, and lets you pick a [backend](/oss/deepagents/backends#quickstart) to wire them together. In practice, this means you can:
```
